Scenario 1:
	Bobby wants to find a red Honda Civic, from 2009, with 10,000 miles or less, costing between $10,000 and $15,000. So, Bobby browses to the dealership site. Bobby then clicks the advanced search link. Bobby then is presented with a filter list, and Bobby selects the corresponding filters according to his search, then submits his query. As a result, a list of cars with characteristics similar to the query comes up for Bobby to browse through. Bobby finds the car he wants, but doesn't know the dealership's hours, so he clicks on the dealership location link and finds the address and hours.
Scenario 2:
	Pat wants to add a new car to his inventory at the dealership. So, Pat browses to the dealership site, and logs in. Pat is provided a page with the inventory on it along with buttons to add a car and to remove a car. Pat clicks the add new car button, and is then provided a form to enter the characteristics of the new car, such as color, make, model, year, mileage, cost, style, and vehicle ID, to then be submitted. After the car is submitted, the car is added to the list of existing cars in inventory and a success message is displayed. 
Scenario 3:
	Pat wants to remove a car from his inventory at the dealership because he just sold a car. So, Pat browses to the dealership site, and logs in. Pat is provided a page with the inventory on it along with buttons to add a car and to remove a car. Pat then filters what car he wants to remove, for example, by vehicle ID. Pat clicks the remove car button for the corresponding query, and then the car is removed from the list of existing cars in inventory and a success message is displayed. 

Scenario 4:
	Pat hires a new manager, Jerry. As a result, Pat needs to add Jerry to the list of managers. To do this, Pat navigates to the dealership site, and logs in. Pat then clicks the register link and is provided a form to fill in email, password, and confirms the password for Jerry. Pat then submits the form. A success message is displayed and Jerry is added to the list of managers and is now able to log in himself.
